Letter Templates
Rhyming Dictionary
Online Naming
WriteExpress HomeWriteExpress®
Shop
Writing Secrets
Search
FREE Sample Letter Templates & Guides
Stuck writing? Use our easy letter templates to quickly find the perfect words.

English Samples
 
Spanish Samples
Choose the kind of letter you want to write:
Acceptance	Acknowledgment	Advice	Announcement	Apology
Application	Appointment	Appreciation	Approval	Authorization
Cancellation	Claim	Collection	Complaint	Compliment
Condolence	Confirmation	Congratulation	Cover	Credit
Delegation	Directive	Disagreement	Discipline	Dismissal
Employment	Encouragement	Endorsement	Error	Farewell
Follow Up	Fundraising	Get Well	Gift	Goodbye
Goodwill	Government	Holiday	Inform	Inquiry
Introduction	Invitation	Job Offer	Love	Notification
Order	Persuasion	Recommendation	Reference	Referral
Refusal	Reprimand	Request	Reservation	Resignation
Response	Sales	Social Event	Suggestion	Sympathy
Termination	Thank You	Transmittal	Welcome	All Topics
500 Letter-Writing Guides
We created 500 letter-writing guides to boost your creativity. They are available online and with purchase of 4,001 Business, Sales & Personal Letters. Our guides are in this format:

Tips
Steps
Samples Sentences
Samples Phrases
Compliment or praise a product or service supplier
Compliment or praise a program chairperson or planner
Compliment or praise a salesperson or a sales staff
Compliment or praise a speaker
Compliment or praise an employee's work performance
Compliment or praise the media, an author, or an editor
Compliment or praise the work of an employee from another firm
Compliment or praise someone for an achievement
Give personal compliments or praise
Praise an employee's family for contribution to the employee's success
Try 4,001 Business, Sales & Personal Letters
How We Create The Best Letters
Writing a letter is a very challenging task. How many times have you delayed, revised, started and stopped, or wanted expert help? Everyone knows how to write, but only a few know how to write well.

We did the research, writing & editing for you by researching hundreds of specific topics and hiring dozens of professional writers.

We separate mediocrity from excellence and judge each letter by dozens of linguistic rules and advanced writing guidelines with content written by expert writers who know structure, grammar, and punctuation, you can write with confidence!

Master The Art of Letter Writing
Your own writing skills will improve as you are exposed to good writing.

Enjoy instant success
Quickly learn how to start your letter courteously, say the right things, express yourself with style, sound polished and professional, and end your letter with class.

Learn to write your own letters
Just in case you don't find the perfect letter, use our must-know tips, step-by-step instructions, and sentences and phrases for each writing step to create your own.v

Write like a pro
More than thirty professional writers contributed their knowledge and letters so you'll never be at a loss for words again.

Create top-quality business letters
Learn with user-friendly, step-by-step instructions, along with thousands of sample sentences and phrases.

Handle business correspondence with confidence
With letter templates at your fingertips, you can quickly handle hundreds of writing tasks with knowledge, skill, and confidence.

Save valuable time and effort
We provide a powerful search engine so you can find your topic, then the right phrase and sentence to express every idea perfectly.

Save money
You can create effective professional correspondence without paying high-priced writers.

About
Awards
Contact
Español
FAQ
Support
Bulk Discounts
Fax and Postal Orders
Order Options
Shop
Writing Secrets
Terms of Service
Contact
Privacy
© 1996-2019 WriteExpress Corporation. All rights reserved. WriteExpress® and Rhymer® are registered trademarks of WriteExpress Corporation.
